I'm going to give a line on the clothes
miami
one pound of miami one and a half onion
chopped chives which is optional and salt
I like a son and a string of olive oil
optional
This is how we are going to cook miami until
he looks good but sly
This is just because I said that people
You can exchange the miami forman by Jackfruit
be cut is a soup you can
repeat this same same
procedure for all
This is how we 're going to cook.
they already cooked with the onion and I go
beat the blender with the sock
onion is reserved only to give
I do not cook the zucchini flavor but she only
heats okay she will not cook will
stay with a little taste of the
raw onion and I'll put the chives
to give a little squeeze it's just a thread of
olive oil and the cars
This soup here is not her goal.
I know if you have already done this test with
As for your dinner , you already made a
test here whoever has been here has already taken
soup one night soup right it is super
ze
We even go because it's the soup.
It's taken very early, so we
because it has a very fast direction
then the soup of mandioquinha or
Caral diáme, we do it to be of
jersey as well as make you sleep
well at night and yami he has this
characteristic coining after six
research on this all women
should eat more
miami because of uterine diseases
and so on to balance
hormones including sleep hormone
then miami is one of the things we
recommend for people who have insomnia
he besides being good of gesture he has
this characteristic of balancing
harmonics including sleep hormone
good
We are going to hit the blender.
She looks very creamy.
And I think we can even put it all together.
on here
be careful because if you were here
warm can lose the time you hit
huh
we will set the targets that we do not
was achieved with precise salt not
needs an edit right
I will put it just so someone asked
with salve we use some years the salt
marine
Okay, I'm going to put a little bit of olive oil
olive
It's 2 yarn for the half onion that in this
if I just want you guys to give me a
Look, it 's just a little bit, it's just for him.
give a little more flavor because
it has already been included with the onion is
so it's not much
I like well native goes from the taste of
you're
I'll put a little of aus
chives now
and I 'm good, can you warm up?
boil're only